Today, my son asked "Can I have a book mark?" and I burst into tears. 11 years old and he still doesn't know my name is Brian.
My wife is really mad at the fact that I have no sense of direction. So I packed up my stuff and right.
How do you make holy water? You boil the hell out of it.
I bought some shoes from a drug dealer. I don't know what he laced them with, but I was tripping all day!
Did you know the first French fries weren't actually cooked in France? They were cooked in Greece.
If a child refuses to sleep during nap time, are they guilty of resisting a rest?
The secret service isn't allowed to yell "Get down!" anymore when the president is about to be attacked. Now they have to yell "Donald, duck!"
What do you call someone with no body and no nose? Nobody knows.
I ordered a chicken and an egg from Amazon. I\’ll let you know
What is the least spoken language in the world? Sign language
My daughter screeched, "Daaaaaad, you haven't listened to one word I've said, have you!?" What a strange way to start a conversation with me...
A slice of apple pie is $2.50 in Jamaica and $3.00 in the Bahamas. These are the pie rates of the Caribbean.
My wife tried to unlatch our daughter's car seat with one hand and said, "How do one armed mothers do it?" Without missing a beat I replied, "Single handedly."
When a dad drives past a graveyard: Did you know that's a popular cemetery? Yep, people are just dying to get in there!
My friend keeps saying "cheer up man it could be worse, you could be stuck underground in a hole full of water." I know he means well.
Justice is a dish best served cold, if it were served warm it would be justwater.
The fattest knight at King Arthur’s round table was Sir Cumference. He acquired his size from too much pi.
MOM: "How do I look?" DAD: "With your eyes."
Why can't you hear a pterodactyl go to the bathroom? Because the pee is silent.
What does a zombie vegetarian eat? “GRRRAAAAAIIIINNNNS!”
Spring is here! I got so excited I wet my plants!
3 unwritten rules of life... "1.        2.          3.        "
If you see a robbery at an Apple Store does that make you an iWitness?
Did you hear the news? FedEx and UPS are merging. They’re going to go by the name Fed-Up from now on.
Don't trust atoms. They make up everything!
I told my son I was named after Thomas Jefferson… He said, “But dad, your name is Brian.” I said, “I know, but I was named AFTER Thomas Jefferson.”
KID: "Dad, make me a sandwich!" DAD: "Poof, you’re a sandwich!”
Why did the invisible man turn down the job offer? He couldn't see himself doing it.
SERVER: "Sorry about your wait." DAD: "Are you saying I’m fat?”
What has two butts and kills people? An assassin
What did the pirate say on his 80th birthday? AYE MATEY
CASHIER: "Would you like the milk in a bag, sir?" DAD: "No, just leave it in the carton!’”
What's the best part about living in Switzerland? I don't know, but the flag is a big plus.
When an ambulance zips past with its siren blaring: "They won’t sell much ice cream driving that fast.”
If Snoop Dogg dies before pot becomes legal in the US, he will be rolling in his grave.
What do you call a dog that can do magic? A Labracadabrador.
5/4 of people admit that they’re bad with fractions.
Why couldn't the bike standup by itself? It was two tired.
What do you call a deer with no eyes? No idea!
GRANDPA: I have a 'dad bod', DAD: To me it's more like a father figure.
What time did the man go to the dentist? Tooth hurt-y.
When a dad drives past a cow pasture: LOOK! That cow is OUT-STANDING in his field!
What’s Forrest Gump’s password? 1forrest1
I used to have a job at a calendar factory but I got the sack because I took a couple of days off.
When you ask a dad if he's alright: "No, I’m half left.”
KID: "Hey, I was thinking…" DAD: "I thought I smelled something burning.”
A termite walks into a bar and asks, "Is the bar tender here?"
